This is an old ballot that my grandmother taught me when I was a boy.
I am an old miserote added in them from old from island and island.
I came, I made a maid both twenty and one in the very next morning must all have begun.
Oh, what shall I do to get rid of my pain?
I wish I'm a lord of a single again.
Ever since my coffin was laid before I had married this silly young maid.
Oh, what shall I do to get rid of my pain?
I wish to my lord that I single again.
Ever since me coffin was laid before I had married this silly young maid.
Oh, she dresses in satin and silk, so of all she goes to theaters and dances in balls.
Me and my rags and her and her lace and some other gentlemen comes in the place.
Oh, what shall I do to get rid of my pain?
I wish to my lord that I single again.
Ever since my coffin was laid before I had married this silly young maid.